Remove sysconf modificaions from upstream musl (#13713)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

Current Trunk
-------------

> - values returns from `sysconf` now more closely match the defintions found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- values returned from `sysconf` now more closely match the definitions found in
```
